Come in and show you the lanterns.
Look at these lanterns.
An An's birthday is in a few days.
Can my brother stay with me?
Isn't it good for you to come with me?
My brother hasn't come home in a long time.
I miss him so much.
Is your brother a real fan?
I really want to be his daughter.
Why is that?
My favorite is An An.
A few days ago he asked you what you like.
I want to bring you a gift.
Really? An An doesn't need gifts.
An An wanted my father and mother to watch the flower lanterns with me.
Want a rabbit flower lamp
Then let me buy it for you.
You cry so ugly.
No wonder my uncle doesn't want to go back.
In fact, that day I saw you all bleed a lot.
What is he?
Juanjuan many people like that.
Running what?
Sister.
Child, why are you here?
Did you bring An An to play?
Where is An An?
Why did you take her out with the Army?
We don't have an unscrupulous sister like you.
Child.
The Khang army initially recovered from serious illness.
He wants me to take him out.
You didn't know his father died early.
Don't let the nanny see your face.
Isn't it the right time, these two days are the lantern festival?
I took him out to play.
Anna's dead.
It's dead.
Guo Khai, are you finally done?
I've checked, he's a biologist.
Could you please stop lying to me to come back?
Me, what mother would dare to play with her child's life?
An An has been dead for four days.
Every time I come home
You will see that An An is dead.
You lied to me, didn't you?
You two lied to me together, right?
You are because of these two.
Kill An An.
You're mean.
There are many men in this world, you do not seduce, you just seduce the owner.
Is someone else's stuff that good?
I'm not. I'm not.
That's enough, between me and Zhuren innocent.
Don't think so badly.
Brother An.
Death has something to do with me.
Blame me, but it has nothing to do with the two of you.
They're innocent.
Deputy Hoai An
You're so good.
If you really want to be a nurse.
I respect you as a man.
I didn't expect you to be a dirty loser.
Hey, are you okay?
I'm pregnant, tomorrow is a secret burial.
I'll give you one last chance.
One last time.
Basketball